Warehouse Management System
Welcome to WMS!

This project was created to showcase the use of several technologies. These include:

Django Framework, Model-View-Template (MVT) architecture.
Docker to allow multioperating-system compatability.
React to create a front-end application that uses RESTful APIs.


All functions are currently inside of the "Warehouse" application with the following models:

Models:
Warehouse
Restaurant
Inventory

The Warehouse and Restaurant models take in three pieces of information: the name of the warehouse, the x coordinate, and the y coordinate. 
The Inventory model takes in four pieces of information: warehouse id (Foreign Key relationtship with ID generated by the warehouse model), item name (e.g spoons), quantity, and SKU. 

Class based views were used instead of function based views as the intended functionality of this application were simple (CRUD). 

URLs were implemented both at the project and application level, with "http://localhost:8000/api/..." on the project level and the rest of the endpoints at the application level. 

Several React files were created:

Warehouse.js
WarehouseForm.js

Inventory.js
InventoryForm.js

Restaurant.js
RestaurantForm.js
OrderForm.js

Warehouse.js, Inventory.js, and Restaurant.js are all simple pages that implement a "GET" api call to the Django Backend, showing a list of the respective entities (Warehouses, Inventory items, Restaurants). The Form.js versions are simply POST methods that allow the creation of the respective entities, like creating a new Warehouse, Inventory item, or Restaurant. 

The OrderForm.js file is the most complex. This form allows for an existing restaurant in the database to be selected, along with a desired item in inventory, and quantity. When submitted, a list of the nearest restaurants will be displayed based on X and Y coordinates, along with the quantity of available items at each warehouse. A specific warehouse can be selected and the initial quantity chosen will be subtracted from the warehouses current inventory. 
